One feature we haven't gotten to yet and one that would really spruce up our app is the ability to take
a profile picture.
And the way that we want to do that is we want to store it locally, but we want to initialize a camera
module in order for us to be able to take pictures of ourselves while we record in this case.
And so by doing that, we'll be able to store the image of the user and no, subsequently who they are,
where they are.
And we will do it with the front facing camera in order to have the ability to store that profile picture
against the user account and thus load it when they log in.
And that ability will allow us to have a more personalized experience for the user.
So knowing that, let's get started on how to do this.